Add Chip-8 Emulation book (#17)
lborb/book: src/other-formats.md

* [Tokio Tutorial](https://tokio.rs/tokio/tutorial) - event-driven, non-blocking I/O
* [Writing an OS in Rust](https://os.phil-opp.com/)
* [A half-hour to learn Rust](https://fasterthanli.me/articles/a-half-hour-to-learn-rust)

> * [An Introduction to Chip-8 Emulator using Rust](https://github.com/aquova/chip8-book/releases)

Reviewer: Actual title:
```suggestion
* [An Introduction to Chip-8 Emulation using the Rust Programming
Language](https://github.com/aquova/chip8-book/releases)
```
